Changelog: Create cloud-custom-domains.md (#760)
fermyon/developer: content/cloud/changelog/cloud-custom-domains.md

title = "Fermyon Cloud Custom Domains"
template = "changelog_item"
date = "2023-07-26T16:00:00Z"
enable_shortcodes = true
tags = ["networking"]
[extra]
type= "changelog_post"

---

> Fermyon Cloud is excited to share that it now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were essential in bringing blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. Using a custom domain name with your Spin application can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at [finickywhiskers.com](https://finickywhiskersdiary.com). Please let us know what you think about the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 

Author: ```suggestion
Fermyon Cloud is excited to share that it now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were essential in bringing blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. Using a custom domain name with your Spin application can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slats has already gotten a headstart at [finickywhiskersdiary.com](https://finickywhiskersdiary.com). Please let us know what you think about the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 
```

> Blog authors and website tinkerers can rest easy knowing that Fermyon Cloud now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to either default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were an important feature to bring blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. By using a custom domain name with your Spin application, you can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at finickywhiskers.com. Let us know your thoughts on the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 

Author: ```suggestion
Blog authors and website tinkerers can rest easy knowing that Fermyon Cloud now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to either default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were an important feature to bring blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. Using a custom domain name with your Spin application can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at [finickywhiskers.com](finickywhiskers.com). Let us know your thoughts on the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 
```

> Blog authors and website tinkerers can rest easy knowing that Fermyon Cloud now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to either default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were an important feature to bring blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. Using a custom domain name with your Spin application can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at [finickywhiskers.com](finickywhiskers.com). Let us know your thoughts on the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 

Author: ```suggestion
Blog authors and website tinkerers can rest easy knowing that Fermyon Cloud now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to either default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were an important feature to bring blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. Using a custom domain name with your Spin application can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at [finickywhiskers.com](https://www.finickywhiskers.com/index.html). Let us know your thoughts on the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 
```

> Blog authors and website tinkerers can rest easy knowing that Fermyon Cloud now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to either default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were an important feature to bring blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. Using a custom domain name with your Spin application can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at [finickywhiskers.com](https://www.finickywhiskers.com/index.html). Let us know your thoughts on the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 

Reviewer: At the time I wrote this, I thought it was funny+light hearted but now I worry it might come across a bit condescending. 
```suggestion
Fermyon Cloud is excited to share that it now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to either default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were an important feature to bring blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. Using a custom domain name with your Spin application can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at [finickywhiskers.com](https://www.finickywhiskers.com/index.html). Let us know your thoughts on the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 
```

<!-- break -->

References:

> - [Custom Domains Conceptual Documentation](custom-domains.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Custom Domains Conceptual Documentation](/cloud/custom-domain)
```

> - [Custom Domains Tutorial](custom-domains-tutorial.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Custom Domains Tutorial](/cloud/custom-domains-tutorial)
```

title = "Fermyon Cloud Custom Domains"
template = "changelog_item"

> date = "2022-07-26T16:00:00Z"

Author: ```suggestion
date = "2023-07-26T16:00:00Z"
```

enable_shortcodes = true
tags = ["networking"]
[extra]
type= "changelog_post"

---

Blog authors and website tinkerers can rest easy knowing that Fermyon Cloud now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to either default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were an important feature to bring blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. By using a custom domain name with your Spin application, you can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at finickywhiskers.com. Let us know your thoughts on the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 

> <img src="placeholder" alt="placeholder">

Author: ```suggestion
```

---

> Fermyon Cloud is excited to share that it now supports custom domains. Until today, Spin applications were limited to default randomly generated domain names or custom Fermyon subdomains; however, we heard your feedback that custom domains were essential in bringing blogs and personalized websites to Fermyon Cloud. Using a custom domain name with your Spin application can improve your workload's SEO, build brand integrity, and improve discoverability. We encourage developers to bring their custom domains to Fermyon Cloud and assign them to their favorite Spin applications. Slat's has already gotten a headstart at [finickywhiskers.com](https://finickywhiskersdiary.com). Please let us know what you think about the feature at [feedback@fermyon.com](mailto:feedback@fermyon.com). 

Reviewer 2: I can’t do a suggestion on this device but:

* the character’s name is Slats not Slat’s
* The diary link text still shows the game URL

Author: Thanks @itowlson
